#profile-title: base64:YnJpZGdlemFu8J+Xo++4jyB8IGZyZWUgdGVzdGVkIGNvbmZpZ/CfmYwgfCBiMm4uaXIvYnJpZGdlemFuLXYycmF5

bridgezanüó£Ô∏è | free tested configüôå | b2n.ir/bridgezan-v2ray

vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAibTMwLnZheG9uMS5jbGljayIsICJwb3J0IjogIjgwIiwgImlkIjogIjMxZWFhOTE1LTBlZTctNDQ3ZC1hMTAwLTczYmI5NDYzOGE4MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vless://74be7ed4-fca2-4315-a6d9-0bcf70c2f362@85.9.100.219:8080?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=x.smjhh.ir&fp=random&type=ws&path=%2F#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIwMS40OS42OCIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ4MDg2IiwgImlkIjogImZmZWNlMmE5LTAyOTYtNDZhOS04ZGI4LTc0MmQyOWQyNDBmZiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJmYW5hcC1pbmZyYS5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvc3RhdGljL2Nzcy9qcXVlcnkvSkZ4UGFtSk1OQ1ltWlZ4eklrdEdZQzVyUVQwdVdTOTJYQ3M3S2wxalppa3hUVGhRUkNvbEZudHNKREo0RXpRb01qRUZHRmdWYjFzMGJCdE9FMUYyWlFvVyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vless://a0efdc2c-d6a3-4e42-b008-524c69557f71@youstun6.pouriau.com:3972?encryption=none&security=reality&sni=refersion.com&fp=firefox&pbk=y6JSkggQ__RA_nmCJpX1_ddSQC6vzDUPaN7KyvjVuic&type=tcp&headerType=none#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAibS5nZTMuZGFpbHlkb3Nlb2ZtZW1lLnVubyIsICJwb3J0IjogIjE3NTY0IiwgImlkIjogImFhN2RkOTZiMGE3ZDgxZGIyZTcxNTUzYWJlMTkyNjIwIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LnZhcnplc2gzLmNvbSIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiY2xvdWQuamFoYW5zZXJ2ZXIuc2JzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDQzIiwgImlkIjogImQzNzIwY2FkLWZmNGYtNGVlYi05ZTc3LWU1YWMxZGEyMTQwZiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiODEuMTIuMzMuMTk3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA5NiIsICJpZCI6ICIxY2MyOTJjNi05YjFlLTQ1NDMtOTc2OS0xN2YxZWU4YmRiNzgiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogImh0dHAiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzbmFwcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiYmlzdC5tb29uLW5pZ2h0LmlyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDk5ZTc4YWItODAzOS00M2RiLTkzNDEtZTUxYjM5ZTU0M2U0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiY2FmZWJhemFhci5pciIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9LQ2hQSDJKVDR6SnZiSkdDSDMxaGFzcngwRTlnIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogImNhZmViYXphYXIuaXIiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAibDEuYXBsYW5kLmlyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDUwOTAiLCAiaWQiOiAiYWI5NGMzYTktNjY5NS00MzkwLWJkZTAtMGVjZWZhYjY1NmZlIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXB0dnMuY29tIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vless://a0efdc2c-d6a3-4e42-b008-524c69557f71@85.133.204.12:3972?encryption=none&security=reality&sni=refersion.com&fp=firefox&pbk=y6JSkggQ__RA_nmCJpX1_ddSQC6vzDUPaN7KyvjVuic&type=tcp&headerType=none#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg4LjIxMi45Ny4yMDIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyMDIwIiwgImlkIjogIjVjMjcwZWIxLWUxOGQtNDAyMC05NDlkLTE3ZTE4NDQ1ZGFjNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMi4xNDQuMi43OCIsICJwb3J0IjogIjE3NTY0IiwgImlkIjogImFhN2RkOTZiMGE3ZDgxZGIyZTcxNTUzYWJlMTkyNjIwIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LnZhcnplc2gzLmNvbSIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTUuMzguMTQwLjEwMiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ1MDkwIiwgImlkIjogImFiOTRjM2E5LTY2OTUtNDM5MC1iZGUwLTBlY2VmYWI2NTZmZSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiaHR0cCIsICJob3N0IjogInVwdHZzLmNvbSIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAid3Quc3Vic24udG9wIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNzYwMCIsICJpZCI6ICJjZTYzZDdjZS1iYzg1LTQ1NWEtYTEyYi00ZTU0ZWIzOWExNGYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiNS4xNTkuNDkuMjgiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI3NjAwIiwgImlkIjogImNlNjNkN2NlLWJjODUtNDU1YS1hMTJiLTRlNTRlYjM5YTE0ZiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAidmlwLm1vYmlsZXRvc2thbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyMDIwIiwgImlkIjogIjVjMjcwZWIxLWUxOGQtNDAyMC05NDlkLTE3ZTE4NDQ1ZGFjNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAidWsuemFyYXNpdGUuaXIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI2NTMxIiwgImlkIjogImJiMjhjZmNkLWMzZDAtNDg2Ni1iYjBhLWMzZmQ4NmIwZWMxMiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiNzguMzkuNTYuNCIsICJwb3J0IjogIjc2MDAiLCAiaWQiOiAiY2U2M2Q3Y2UtYmM4NS00NTVhLWExMmItNGU1NGViMzlhMTRmIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiODUuMTk4LjIzLjYzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTIyNjIiLCAiaWQiOiAiYWY1YTBkMGMtYzg5OC00YTUxLWJhNmEtNDcxNzlkNDgzZTQxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiZWUxLmRhYWxseWdvbGQuY29tIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTIyNjIiLCAiaWQiOiAiYWY1YTBkMGMtYzg5OC00YTUxLWJhNmEtNDcxNzlkNDgzZTQxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vless://b5441b0d-2147-4898-8a6a-9b2c87f58382@62.72.166.3:8880?allowInsecure=0&sni=Telegram-channel-WangCai2&type=ws&host=bitget1.asdasd.click&path=/Telegramüá®üá≥ @WangCai2 /?ed=2560fp=chrome#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjY3LjI3LjIxMyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiYTZhMzdlMDQtNWU4MS00NGM5LWJlNTMtYmFhM2ZmNDZlYjhiIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi84Y2RhNDhiMyIsICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vless://b5441b0d-2147-4898-8a6a-9b2c87f58382@94.140.0.3:8880?allowInsecure=0&sni=Telegram-channel-WangCai2&type=ws&host=bitget1.asdasd.click&path=/Telegramüá®üá≥ @WangCai2 /?ed=2560fp=chrome#bridgezan config
vless://5d71b518-9f52-414a-abf2-b806684233be@its.zarashop0.ir:2087?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=its.zarashop0.ir&alpn=h2&fp=chrome&type=grpc#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTYyLjE1OS4yMDAuNzUiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjE5NDI4YzQ0LTg1YjMtNGE3Yy04YmM0LWI1ODM5NjEzODMyMiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vless://b5441b0d-2147-4898-8a6a-9b2c87f58382@195.13.54.3:8880?allowInsecure=0&sni=Telegram-channel-WangCai2&type=ws&host=bitget1.asdasd.click&path=/Telegramüá®üá≥ @WangCai2 /?ed=2560fp=chrome#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAidmMuZmx5LmRldiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJpZCI6ICIzNTM3OTIxOS02NTM1LTRmMmUtYTRmZS0zZTQ0ZjYxZTBlZWUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjMyIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ2Yy5mbHkuZGV2IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3ZjIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAic25pIjogInZjLmZseS5kZXYiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAidmMuZmx5LmRldiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJpZCI6ICIzNTM3OTIxOS02NTM1LTRmMmUtYTRmZS0zZTQ0ZjYxZTBlZWUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjMyIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ2Yy5mbHkuZGV2IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3ZjIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAic25pIjogInZjLmZseS5kZXYiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAidmMuZmx5LmRldiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJpZCI6ICIzNTM3OTIxOS02NTM1LTRmMmUtYTRmZS0zZTQ0ZjYxZTBlZWUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjMyIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ2Yy5mbHkuZGV2IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3ZjIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiNzcuODMuMTQxLjE3MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJpZCI6ICIzNTM3OTIxOS02NTM1LTRmMmUtYTRmZS0zZTQ0ZjYxZTBlZWUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjMyIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ2Yy5mbHkuZGV2IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3ZjIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAic25pIjogInZjLmZseS5kZXYiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vless://90bf4f10-aee6-416a-ba27-031101538867@104.18.26.90:443?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=2free2.aparatir.xyz&fp=random&type=ws&host=2free2.aparatir.xyz&path=%2Fadmin#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiNzcuODMuMTQxLjE3MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJpZCI6ICIzNTM3OTIxOS02NTM1LTRmMmUtYTRmZS0zZTQ0ZjYxZTBlZWUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjMyIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdmMiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJzbmkiOiAidmMuZmx5LmRldiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vless://b5441b0d-2147-4898-8a6a-9b2c87f58382@159.242.242.3:8880?allowInsecure=0&sni=Telegram-channel-WangCai2&type=ws&host=bitget1.asdasd.click&path=/Telegramüá®üá≥ @WangCai2 /?ed=2560fp=chrome#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjAzLjMwLjE5MS4zIiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIm9wbGcxLmNmY2RuMi54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiYzVhMmQ3YjgtYmY4NC00Zjk3LTg1NzctYjliODdmMmJhYWY3IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9BVUlLTjhBVSIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vless://42795c1c-acab-46f5-8c10-a86de801411b@104.18.26.90:443?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=s3.mAIN-2.WorKeRs.Dev&fp=randomized&type=ws&host=s3.main-2.workers.dev&path=%2FiTCBmrOFrKpdwUWZ%3Fed#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ3LjQ0IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogImhrMDEubGlua2l0bm93Lm5ldCIsICJpZCI6ICIzOTEzNWEzOS1lNmNhLTQzZGYtYTM2MC1kODU5ZWVhNThkODYiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjY2LjQwLjEwIiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIjM4LjcyaW1nLnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI4MWQ5M2Y2Mi0xNWEyLTQ5OTQtYWRiOS0wYjVkOTA2YWFjN2UiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vless://3824fba1-352a-44f6-89c3-66bacce658eb@104.18.26.90:443?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=S4.MaiN-2.WORkErS.Dev&alpn=http%2F1.1&fp=randomized&type=ws&host=s4.main-2.workers.dev&path=%2FkBoXBiT5qlTK5H01%3Fed#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjE2Mi4yMjguMjI5IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIm9wbGcxLmNmY2RuMi54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiYzVhMmQ3YjgtYmY4NC00Zjk3LTg1NzctYjliODdmMmJhYWY3IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9BVUlLTjhBVSIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTg2LjE5MC4yMTUuMzIiLCAiYWlkIjogMSwgImhvc3QiOiAiMTg2LjE5MC4yMTUuMzIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogImxpbmt2d3MiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjY0LjkwLjk4IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogInR3MWJRaVdTRTR4LmZ6YnFmcnNlLnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI4YjAzYzg2NC0zMWUzLTRjZmItOTQ5YS0yZTdlYjEzZjY5OGQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3ZpZGVvL0dRMnFFNVVzOWciLCAicG9ydCI6IDIwNTIsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjY3LjgxLjQ5IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTdkMjdmYi1jYjkzLTNiZDgtOWJmNy03MWNkOTEzMTk4MjEiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2hnY2Vmb21uIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDk1LCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODkuMTYzLjIzMS4xOSIsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LjgwMzQ3MzIwLnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMjQwODExMDYyODEzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDAwNSwgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAid3d3LjgwMzQ3MzIwLnh5eiJ9
vless://42795c1c-acab-46f5-8c10-a86de801411b@104.18.26.90:443?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=s3.mAIN-2.WorKeRs.Dev&alpn=http%2F1.1&fp=randomized&type=ws&host=s3.main-2.workers.dev&path=%2FiTCBmrOFrKpdwUWZ%3Fed#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAic2VyaWVzLXYxLnNhbWFuZWhoYS5jbyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJpZXMtdjEuc2FtYW5laGhhLmNvIiwgImlkIjogIjBiNjViYjA2LTZiMjgtNDg3YS04ZTNjLTgyMGRkYTUxZTk3NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvZFQ5czNIcWdaZUQzZUFwekRBZmhPSHEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDgwLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiY2hhY2hhMjAtcG9seTEzMDUiLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiY2hhY2hhMjAtcG9seTEzMDUiLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXYuZ2FsZ2FtZXIueHl6IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogInV2LmdhbGdhbWVyLnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI2ZGY1YWNjYi1kNDUyLTM2NmUtYjBjNC04NzgxNzdkZWI2YmQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vless://90bf4f10-aee6-416a-ba27-031101538867@104.18.26.90:443?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=2free2.aparatir.xyz&fp=randomized&type=ws&host=2free2.aparatir.xyz&path=%2Fadmin#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ3LjIxOSIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJvaWljdHcueXlkc2lpLmNvbSIsICJpZCI6ICJiNTUxYWEyMi0yMmFmLTExZWUtYjhkOC1mMjNjOTMyZWI2OGQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLz9lZD0yMDQ4JlRlbGVncmFt8J+HqPCfh7MgQFdhbmdDYWkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MDgwLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAicGluZy5wZSIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJieS42MTExLm9ubGluZSIsICJpZCI6ICIzYTNlMjYzZC0yMjNmLTQ5Y2MtYmJkYi1mN2UwN2E1NWU2ZmUiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzExMTExMS5vbmxpbmUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTkwLjkzLjI0Ny4xODQiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjQxN2QyN2ZiLWNiOTMtM2JkOC05YmY3LTcxY2Q5MTMxOTgyMSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvaGdjZWZvbW4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ3LjI1IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogImhrMDEubGlua2l0bm93Lm5ldCIsICJpZCI6ICIzOTEzNWEzOS1lNmNhLTQzZGYtYTM2MC1kODU5ZWVhNThkODYiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAiaGswMS5saW5raXRub3cubmV0In0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ3LjQwIiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogImhrMDEubGlua2l0bm93Lm5ldCIsICJpZCI6ICIzOTEzNWEzOS1lNmNhLTQzZGYtYTM2MC1kODU5ZWVhNThkODYiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjY0LjE1OC4xMDQiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAidXMyRmNobXdRa3kuaW5pdnRyYWsueHl6IiwgImlkIjogImFmMGJmY2NlLTg3MzAtNDEzMy1iZGFhLWY2YjFkYTcwZmMxYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdmlkZW8vQmdwaUhydWkvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDUyLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTk4LjQxLjIxNC41NSIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE3ZDI3ZmItY2I5My0zYmQ4LTliZjctNzFjZDkxMzE5ODIxIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9oZ2NlZm9tbiIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NSwgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjI2LjEzLjkiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJlOTVlMzViYS1mODc0LTRlYjMtOTYwMC00ZGJkNmQwOTlmNGUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJob3N0IjogImg0LmdyQXNTb1J5LnNob3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjAzLjMwLjE4OS4xOTEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAibGcxMC5jZmNkbjEueHl6IiwgImlkIjogIjE3YjJhMzEzLTM3YTAtNDk0NS1hOGU0LWU2MzM3NTUwNmI0YSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvQTJESk9QRlQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjY3LjcyLjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGNhNDMxM2UtOTVlOC00ZTcwLWI5OWItZTQ3MDUyMDAxNWM1IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJoNC5nckFzU29SeS5zaG9wIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vless://38b41ed4-5fe2-4868-8016-8df32dcaed78@pic.zarashop0.ir:2087?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=pic.zarashop0.ir&alpn=h2&fp=chrome&type=grpc#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDUuNzYuODguMzciLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjQxMzRlZmU3LWQ5MzUtNDE2Yy1jMmNjLTI0OTQzZTRhODBjYSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDUzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ2LjI0OSIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJoazAxLmxlbGVsZXMudXMiLCAiaWQiOiAiMzkxMzVhMzktZTZjYS00M2RmLWEzNjAtZDg1OWVlYTU4ZDg2IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLCAic25pIjogImhrMDEubGVsZWxlcy51cyJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjAzLjMwLjE5MS4xMCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiYzVhMmQ3YjgtYmY4NC00Zjk3LTg1NzctYjliODdmMmJhYWY3IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9BVUlLTjhBVSIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vless://b5441b0d-2147-4898-8a6a-9b2c87f58382@185.148.104.3:8880?allowInsecure=0&sni=Telegram-channel-WangCai2&type=ws&host=bitget1.asdasd.click&path=/Telegramüá®üá≥ @WangCai2 /?ed=2560fp=chrome#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjAzLjIzLjEwNi4yNiIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiNzJmNzZjMzYtM2UzYy00NWIzLWE2MWYtZDhmMDE3MzQ1OTU4IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8/ZWQ9MjA0OCIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA1MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA4LjE2Mi4xOTguNTciLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiY3MucHV0aWhiLm9yZyIsICJpZCI6ICIwM2ZjYzYxOC1iOTNkLTY3OTYtNmFlZC04YTM4Yzk3NWQ1ODEiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjIyMy4xMjciLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjRiNWU0NTY1LTMyMmYtNDIyMy1hODkxLTc4YTg0ZjE4OTcyNiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvR2R0WVdsc0xtTnZiU0o5TENKamIzViIsICJwb3J0IjogODg4MCwgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vless://b5441b0d-2147-4898-8a6a-9b2c87f58382@160.153.137.3:8880?allowInsecure=0&sni=Telegram-channel-WangCai2&type=ws&host=bitget1.asdasd.click&path=/Telegramüá®üá≥ @WangCai2 /?ed=2560fp=chrome#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTQxLjEwMS4xMTUuMzAiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAibGcxLnRydW1wMjAyMy51cyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MGQ0OTZhNi1jZWViLTQwOTYtYmFlYi00Y2M1MmIyMDU2MjEiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0VDVENKMERGIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMjEuMjQwLjEwOCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiNmI3Y2JjNDEtZmI4MC00MWE4LThlYjYtYjViZGIwZTg2MTQ3IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJodHRwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTQxLjE5My4yMTMuMjAiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjQ2MTI2MThjLTI0Y2QtNDM3OS05OTI0LWNmZGYzZDYxZmE1YSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvSVlLTEQ1M00iLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMTgyLjEwNy40NSIsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgImhvc3QiOiAiNDYuMTgyLjEwNy40NSIsICJpZCI6ICJmZTVmNjllNy1lMTgzLTQzOWItOTUwYi04MjIxZWYwNjUxZjIiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2Zvb3RlcnMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAic3NzY2N2ZmJnaC40NDQ0OTI2Lnh5eiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjgwIiwgImlkIjogImY4OThmZmNiLTY0MTctNDM3My05NjQwLTBiNjYwOTFlODIwNiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImhvc3QiOiAic3NzY2N2ZmJnaC40NDQ0OTI2Lnh5eiIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9HbkozYkJ4VjkxdUZrWXR1elh5SjVYTmVIMVIxIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTkwLjkzLjI0NC4zIiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIm9wbGcxLnpodWppY24yLmNvbSIsICJpZCI6ICI1NmEyMTg4Yi0yYWI3LTQwMmMtYjliOC0zNDg0N2ZkZjA5NTgiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzVRTlJPU1JWIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiUGFyc1Zkcy5pciIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NjIyMWJmYi1lOTJmLTRlODAtODFjNS02ZmU0OGY1MGFjMGIiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTYyLjE1OS4yNDcuMTQ3IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTdkMjdmYi1jYjkzLTNiZDgtOWJmNy03MWNkOTEzMTk4MjEiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2hnY2Vmb21uIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDk1LCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vless://b5441b0d-2147-4898-8a6a-9b2c87f58382@88.216.66.3:8880?allowInsecure=0&sni=Telegram-channel-WangCai2&type=ws&host=bitget1.asdasd.click&path=/Telegramüá®üá≥ @WangCai2 /?ed=2560fp=chrome#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjAzLjMwLjE5MS4yMCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJjbGFzaDYuc3NyLWZyZWUueHl6IiwgImlkIjogIjVmNjRmYTY1LTdiMTQtNDljNS05NTRkLWFhMTVjNmJmY2FjZCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvZG9uZ3RhaXdhbmcuY29tIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAieHhjY2N2Ym5ta28wLjQ0NDQ5MjYueHl6IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjg5OGZmY2ItNjQxNy00MzczLTk2NDAtMGI2NjA5MWU4MjA2IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ4eGNjY3Zibm1rbzAuNDQ0NDkyNi54eXoiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvR25KM2JCeFY5MXVGa1l0dXpYeUo1WE5lSDFSMSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vless://329d8863-42ce-4015-b9b9-8417499cc174@cleanv2itech1.freesdns.info:443?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=m1.freesdns.info.&alpn=http%2F1.1&fp=chrome&type=ws&host=m1.freesdns.info.&path=%2F#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ4LjI5IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogImhrMDEubGlua2l0bm93Lm5ldCIsICJpZCI6ICIzOTEzNWEzOS1lNmNhLTQzZGYtYTM2MC1kODU5ZWVhNThkODYiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQwLjU4IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICI1N2UwY2I0ZC1lYWU1LTQ4ZWMtODA5MS0xNDlkYzJiMzA5ZTAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2QvNjVkZDUwMy5URy5XYW5nQ2FpMi5XYW5nQ2FpXzg6MTA3NjkwIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vless://fa72a38c-56bf-4f3b-9735-e96e9840ae54@app.chandplus.com:443?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=app.chandplus.com&alpn=h3%2Ch2%2Chttp%2F1.1&fp=random&allowInsecure=1&type=tcp&headerType=none#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjY3LjExNi4xNTEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjQxN2QyN2ZiLWNiOTMtM2JkOC05YmY3LTcxY2Q5MTMxOTgyMSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvaGdjZWZvbW4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjY0LjE1NC4xMDIiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiY2xhc2g2LnNzci1mcmVlLnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI1ZjY0ZmE2NS03YjE0LTQ5YzUtOTU0ZC1hYTE1YzZiZmNhY2QiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2Rvbmd0YWl3YW5nLmNvbSIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAicnJyZmZnZ2h5LjQ0NDY4Mi54eXoiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAicnJyZmZnZ2h5LjQ0NDY4Mi54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiMzA2MDJiNmQtNWQ1Yy00ZjU2LTliNjUtOWFlMmZkOTM0OGNiIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9UZXREalA2b1NpRjNzR1ZIcVBkNzNobCIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vless://b5441b0d-2147-4898-8a6a-9b2c87f58382@185.176.26.3:8880?allowInsecure=0&sni=Telegram-channel-WangCai2&type=ws&host=bitget1.asdasd.click&path=/Telegramüá®üá≥ @WangCai2 /?ed=2560fp=chrome#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTY3LjcxLjcwLjIwNCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiNGZiZGNhYTctYTEyZi00NDFmLWNlNjctY2NmNDBkMWYyYmMyIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ5MTE3LCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjAzLjI0LjEwOC4xMCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMTdiMmEzMTMtMzdhMC00OTQ1LWE4ZTQtZTYzMzc1NTA2YjRhIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9BMkRKT1BGVCIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI1LjIwIiwgImFpZCI6IDEsICJob3N0IjogIjU3LjEyOS4yNS4yMCIsICJpZCI6ICIwM2ZjYzYxOC1iOTNkLTY3OTYtNmFlZC04YTM4Yzk3NWQ1ODEiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiUkFDS05FUkQuQ09NIiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogImJyLmNsb3VkZmxhcmUucXVlc3QiLCAiaWQiOiAiYzJhNTVkZWYtZTkxZS00MTMyLWM1MDQtMGYyNzZjNGMzYTFlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9hcmllcyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA4NiwgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vless://2b5feae8-1a36-43cd-a722-83522e34853c@57.128.178.253:443?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=en.linceedab.com&alpn=http%2F1.1&fp=random&type=tcp&headerType=none#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjguMTU3IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICIxMTJhYzM2Zi0zZjUzLTRlMjYtODM3MS1kMjVjMDI4ZTFiOWEiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA4MiwgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vless://b5441b0d-2147-4898-8a6a-9b2c87f58382@209.94.90.3:8880?allowInsecure=0&sni=Telegram-channel-WangCai2&type=ws&host=bitget1.asdasd.click&path=/Telegramüá®üá≥ @WangCai2 /?ed=2560fp=chrome#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ3LjM3IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogImhrMDEubGlua2l0bm93Lm5ldCIsICJpZCI6ICIzOTEzNWEzOS1lNmNhLTQzZGYtYTM2MC1kODU5ZWVhNThkODYiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE4LjEwMC4xOTMiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjM2ZmE0NWRiLTJkNGEtNDI5NS1hMWZlLTIyMzgzNjk4OTg3OCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvcGluZWFwcGxlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDgyLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ3LjIyMiIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJoazAxLmxpbmtpdG5vdy5uZXQiLCAiaWQiOiAiMzkxMzVhMzktZTZjYS00M2RmLWEzNjAtZDg1OWVlYTU4ZDg2IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjIzOC44IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIm03OTE2LjE2NDc0OC54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiN2Q5MmZmYzktMDJlMS00MDg3LThhNDYtY2M0ZDc2NTYwOTE3IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogImdpdGh1Yi5jb20vQWx2aW45OTk5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDg2LCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwgInNuaSI6ICJtNzkxNi4xNjQ3NDgueHl6In0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ3LjI3IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogImlwMTQuZnJlZWdyYWRlbHkueHl6IiwgImlkIjogImU5ZTNjYzEzLWRiNDgtNGNjMS04YzI0LTc2MjY0MzlhNTMzOSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDg2LCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjY3LjE1OC40OSIsICJhaWQiOiAxLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ5ZWxhbi50aGVsYXN0cm9uaW4uY2xvdWRucy5vcmciLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAieWVnb2R5b29nb2hob2VlaWxhbi50aGVsYXN0cm9uaW4uY2xvdWRucy5vcmcifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAieHh4Y3ZmYmdoeTcuMjIyNzY3Lnh5eiIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ4eHhjdmZiZ2h5Ny4yMjI3NjcueHl6IiwgImlkIjogIjMwNjAyYjZkLTVkNWMtNGY1Ni05YjY1LTlhZTJmZDkzNDhjYiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvVGV0RGpQNm9TaUYzc0dWSHFQZDczaGwiLCAicG9ydCI6IDgwLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ3LjE3OCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJvaWljdHcueXlkc2lpLmNvbSIsICJpZCI6ICJiNTUxYWEyMi0yMmFmLTExZWUtYjhkOC1mMjNjOTMyZWI2OGQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLz9lZD0yMDQ4JlRlbGVncmFt8J+HqPCfh7MgQFdhbmdDYWkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MDgwLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAid1dXRC40NDQ0OTE2LnhZWiIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3V1dELjQ0NDQ5MTYueFlaIiwgImlkIjogIjAzZTkyOTEwLTM0YjEtNDI0NS1hYzYzLTA0YTg2NWY0M2NkNSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjE2LjI0LjU3LjU3IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogImUxMzA5MTdjLTFiNTgtNDEzNi1iMmQ5LTc2ZGM5MjBlMGFkZC5hZGQ5N2VlOC0wZjE0LTQ4YTMtYjJjZC05NzljNTY3NDJlNjQubG9zZXlvdXJpcC5jb20iLCAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjMxLjE2LjI4IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICI1OGZlMTU0Mi01MjkwLTQwYWQtODE1YS03NzcwN2E4MWFmZTUiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDgwLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiY2hhY2hhMjAtcG9seTEzMDUiLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiY2hhY2hhMjAtcG9seTEzMDUiLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzNEZUZydHk2LjQ0NDY1Mi54WXoiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiMzNEZUZydHk2LjQ0NDY1Mi54WXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiY2RlYzlkNTctNjYxZC00NTZhLWJiZjItYjRjMzhlOWM2NzExIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAiMzNkZWZydHk2LjQ0NDY1Mi54eXoifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ3LjIyNCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJvaWljdHcueXlkc2lpLmNvbSIsICJpZCI6ICJiNTUxYWEyMi0yMmFmLTExZWUtYjhkOC1mMjNjOTMyZWI2OGQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLz9lZD0yMDQ4JlRlbGVncmFt8J+HqPCfh7MgQFdhbmdDYWkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MDgwLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjY3LjE5Mi41NyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJtYXgubWFua2FkbXUuY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLCAic25pIjogIm1heC5tYW5rYWRtdS5jb20ifQ==
vless://34c01e61-f4f3-4afb-a83b-406caf8caa33@185.251.83.254:8880?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=yg.bantony199.top&type=ws&host=yg.bantony199.top&path=%2F#bridgezan config
vless://34c01e61-f4f3-4afb-a83b-406caf8caa33@185.18.250.254:8880?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=yg.bantony199.top&type=ws&host=yg.bantony199.top&path=%2F#bridgezan config
vless://34c01e61-f4f3-4afb-a83b-406caf8caa33@185.251.82.254:8880?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=yg.bantony199.top&type=ws&host=yg.bantony199.top&path=%2F#bridgezan config
vless://34c01e61-f4f3-4afb-a83b-406caf8caa33@185.251.81.254:8880?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=yg.bantony199.top&type=ws&host=yg.bantony199.top&path=%2F#bridgezan config
vless://34c01e61-f4f3-4afb-a83b-406caf8caa33@185.238.228.254:8880?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=yg.bantony199.top&type=ws&host=yg.bantony199.top&path=%2F#bridgezan config
vless://b5441b0d-2147-4898-8a6a-9b2c87f58382@104.239.72.3:8880?allowInsecure=0&sni=Telegram-channel-WangCai2&type=ws&host=bitget1.asdasd.click&path=/TelegramU0001F1E8U0001F1F3 @WangCai2 /?ed=2560fp=chrome#bridgezan config
vless://34c01e61-f4f3-4afb-a83b-406caf8caa33@185.251.80.254:8880?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=yg.bantony199.top&type=ws&host=yg.bantony199.top&path=%2F#bridgezan config
vless://2fec7227-9abe-46f2-af18-78302b836c45@199.34.228.169:443?security=tls&sni=3u.2031.pp.ua&type=ws&host=3u.2031.pp.ua&path=%2FqF5dXhCllosLcFpqdDoAgkondVWl#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMjI0LjEwMS4xMDIiLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogInd3dy43NjEyNjQ0OS54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTQ2YmE1ZGYtNTc3MS00ODczLWEzY2ItODkyMzc4NTI2MTQ3IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9mb290ZXJzIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiaW5hcDAwOC54bXJ0aC1ub2RlLnh5eiIsICJhaWQiOiAyLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJpbmFwMDA4LnhtcnRoLW5vZGUueHl6IiwgImlkIjogIjQ1NGIyOGE5LTgzYjEtMzllNi1hNjIyLTI3OTYxYzA2N2M3NiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvaW5kZXgiLCAicG9ydCI6IDEyMjY1LCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA3LjE2Ny4yMC4xODQiLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4xNTMxNDY5NS54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDMwMDAwLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidnVzMy4wYmFkLmNvbSIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ2dXMzLjBiYWQuY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkyNzA5NGQzLWQ2NzgtNDc2My04NTkxLWUyNDBkMGJjYWU4NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvY2hhdCIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTkuMTk5LjczLjUzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzMyMzAiLCAiaWQiOiAiNzgwYWIxODItYjUwZC00NjJkLWMwMjctMzhkOWQ2OWMxNzIxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LnNwZWVkdGVzdC5uZXQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAicHJvZDItY2xvdWQtaHlicmlkMDMtZ2Utdm10YzAyLmN5YmVyc2NhbGVyLmNvbSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjMzNjQxIiwgImlkIjogImYyN2EyNWMyLWQ0ZTQtNGQwYS1iNzViLTIyZTU4Yzc3ODRhOCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiaHR0cCIsICJob3N0IjogInd3dy5zcGVlZHRlc3QubmV0IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTkuMTk5LjczLjUzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzM2NDEiLCAiaWQiOiAiMWFhNDBhZGYtYjRiMC00MWI4LWJkOTgtZmFmYWFkZjQyM2ViIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LnNwZWVkdGVzdC5uZXQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAicHJvZDItaGdlLWNsb3VkMDMtaHlicmlkLXZtZWV0MDEuY3liZXJzY2FsZXIuY29tIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzM0MjMiLCAiaWQiOiAiY2VkM2EwZjctZTViNC00MTFiLWZlMjktYTAwNGFlYTIzMjRlIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LnNwZWVkdGVzdC5uZXQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTkuMTk5LjczLjUzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzM0ODAiLCAiaWQiOiAiNjJmMmQxN2UtYTYwNy00ZjhmLWQyNWQtOTJhMDk1OGNhMWE5IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LnNwZWVkdGVzdC5uZXQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTkuMTk5LjczLjUzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzM2NDEiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjI3YTI1YzItZDRlNC00ZDBhLWI3NWItMjJlNThjNzc4NGE4IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LnNwZWVkdGVzdC5uZXQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAicHJvZDItZ2UtY2xvdWQtaHlicmlkMDItdm10MDEuY3liZXJzY2FsZXIuY29tIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzMyMzAiLCAiaWQiOiAiMjlmODY2NDAtMDM1OS00NTZjLWQ2ZTYtNzUxNTViM2Q3ODFlIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LnNwZWVkdGVzdC5uZXQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAicHJvZDItZmgtY2xvdWQtaHlicmlkMDEtdm10MDEuY3liZXJzY2FsZXIuY29tIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzczMzMiLCAiaWQiOiAiMmYxNjVhYzMtNTczZi00MzYxLWI3ZjItNmMyZDRkYzM2MDQ4IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LnNwZWVkdGVzdC5uZXQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXM4MC0zLnNhbmZlbjAwMS5waWNzIiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogInVzODAtMy5zYW5mZW4wMDEucGljcyIsICJpZCI6ICJlZDFlN2NjNS1lMGNmLTQyNGEtOGUyOC03MGNhMzA1ZjI2ZDMiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3poLWNuLyIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLCAic25pIjogInd3dy5iYWlkdS5jb20ifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAianBsaW4wMDMueG1ydGgtbm9kZS54eXoiLCAiYWlkIjogMiwgImhvc3QiOiAianBsaW4wMDMueG1ydGgtbm9kZS54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDU0YjI4YTktODNiMS0zOWU2LWE2MjItMjc5NjFjMDY3Yzc2IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9pbmRleCIsICJwb3J0IjogMTU5MDEsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMjI0LjI1NS4yNDgiLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTY4ODI4OTM1OTEwNyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAicHJvZDItZmgtY2xvdWQtaHlicmlkMDEtdm10MDEuY3liZXJzY2FsZXIuY29tIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzczMzMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI5YmQwNmItNmEwZS00NDVhLTlkYTEtNzEwYWUyMjJkYWQwIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LnNwZWVkdGVzdC5uZXQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTAzLjI3LjIzOC4yMTQiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImVlNzZjZWNmLTEyMTktNDJiZS1hZTNmLTZiODA3N2U0Y2FjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAiaGNtMS5zYWZlcG4ubmV0In0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzguNTQuMTI1LjM3IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICI3NTkwNWUwMi1hY2VmLTQ1NzctOTVlYi03MzRkYzNlZDllYmIiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2Fya2k/ZWQ9MjA0OCIsICJwb3J0IjogMjM1OTQsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU2LjIyNC43Ny45OCIsICJwb3J0IjogIjExMTEwIiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjExMTAzMmY4LWVhYmMtNDZjMC1mZTg5LThhY2NlYWViMzRlNSIsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTkuMTk5LjczLjUzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzczMzMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOGUzMmI1Y2UtZmYyNC00MDVhLTk5MzItNDhkZjVhNTkxODNkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LnNwZWVkdGVzdC5uZXQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTk5LjE4MC4xMDEuMjMiLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogInd3dy43MjUyMjIwOS54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDA0LCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vless://6f995056-7802-4a1d-bff7-61678e626c3f@52.231.38.95:443?encryption=none&security=tls&sni=bnnm.azurewebsites.net&fp=random&type=ws&host=bnnm.azurewebsites.net&path=%2F#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTE4LjE5NC4yNTMuMTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTg2YjNiYzgtZDBmYi00YjYwLWIwMWYtMjgxNjRlNDRjZDQ4IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJrY3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTY2MyIsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIndlY2hhdC12aWRlbyIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTEuNzEuNjciLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogInd3dy42NDc4Njc1NS54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDM3MDAyLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiYmdwLXhkZC5ibHVlLWJncC54eXoiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyNjAyMyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICIzYTZjNzg5Zi0wNTQ4LTRjYTMtODNjMC0yYzc4YWNiZWU4MTEifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTkyLjc0LjI0NC4yMDMiLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTY4OTA2ODkzNDc4OSIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiYmdwLXhkZC5ibHVlLWJncC54eXoiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyNjAyMiIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICIzYTZjNzg5Zi0wNTQ4LTRjYTMtODNjMC0yYzc4YWNiZWU4MTEifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTE4LjE5NC4yNTMuMTUiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI1NjYzIiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAia2NwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjk4NmIzYmM4LWQwZmItNGI2MC1iMDFmLTI4MTY0ZTQ0Y2Q0OCIsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiYmdwLXhkZC5ibHVlLWJncC54eXoiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyNjAyNCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICIzYTZjNzg5Zi0wNTQ4LTRjYTMtODNjMC0yYzc4YWNiZWU4MTEifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiYmdwLXhkZC5ibHVlLWJncC54eXoiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyNjAyMSIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICIzYTZjNzg5Zi0wNTQ4LTRjYTMtODNjMC0yYzc4YWNiZWU4MTEifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTk4LjIwMC40OC4yNTEiLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzM1NTI5Mi54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDM3MDA2LCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTk5LjE4MC4xMDAuOTciLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4xNzMzMDU4NS54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDMxMDAzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzguMzMuNTYuNDciLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4zNjc5MDQ3Mi54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDM3MDAxLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzguNTQuMzAuNDciLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImFmMTFmMjdjLWVkMGMtNDg2ZC1iY2M0LWZlMTFmMzc1OWUzZCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvYXJraT9lZD0yMDQ4IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NTcwMCwgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTk4LjIuMTk2LjciLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogInd3dy44NDE2MzAwNy54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE3MzUyMDg2NDEwMDIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2MDA5LCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiZjFmMzIyNy51MS5nbGFkb3MtY29uZmlnLm5ldCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJmMWYzMjI3LnUxLmdsYWRvcy1jb25maWcubmV0IiwgImlkIjogIjU3ZTBjYjRkLWVhZTUtNDhlYy04MDkxLTE0OWRjMmIzMDllMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvcy9mMWYzMjI3LmZtLmFwcGxlLmNvbToxMTE1NDgiLCAicG9ydCI6IDMzMzEsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLCAic25pIjogImYxZjMyMjcudTEuZ2xhZG9zLWNvbmZpZy5uZXQifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidjAyLmd1dGluZ3RpbmcuY29tIiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogInYwMi5ndXRpbmd0aW5nLmNvbSIsICJpZCI6ICJkM2Q5MDk5OC03YmZkLTRmYzYtOTMwZS0zNWJmOTYwODNkOGIiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2FjZWFtZWR2IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDA0MSwgInBzIjogImJyaWRnZXphbiBjb25maWciLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAic2gwMS5mYXN0Y2xvdWQuY2x1YiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzguMzMuNTYuNTMiLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yNDAwNjg1Ny54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDM3MDAwLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjEwNC43OC45OCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI3MDk0ZDMtZDY3OC00NzYzLTg1OTEtZTI0MGQwYmNhZTg3IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9jaGF0IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTk4LjIwMC40OC4yMzAiLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogInd3dy40NjI4MTE0Ny54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDM3MDA2LCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzguMzMuNTYuNTUiLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yNDAwNjg1Ny54eXoiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAicG9ydCI6IDM3MDAxLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vless://355d36aa-9ac0-4865-9f51-df2a0a506e64@premium.vkehi.shop:443?encryption=none&flow=none&type=tcp&headerType=none&security=tls&fp=chrome&sni=android.googleapis.com#bridgezan config
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA3LjE0OC4xLjExOCIsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LjQ0MDEwMzk2Lnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMzUxMjEyMDgxNTE3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLCAic25pIjogInd3dy40NDAxMDM5Ni54eXoifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiNDUuMzkuMTk5LjEwNSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjE1MDAyIiwgImlkIjogIjlmNTEzMTYxLTU3NmItM2FiYy05Yzk4LTA2ZTUyYzNhMjRjNiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJob3N0IjogIjE1MDAyLmt1YWl5aW4wMi50b3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIifQ==
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTAzLjE1OS4yMDYuMzUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDMxOTQ1LCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJlMmU1MTFiMC03ZGVmLTRlMWItZDIzOC02Y2I1MzkxYjJlM2YiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8ifQ==
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAia3ItYXJtMi4wMTg5OTkueHl6IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogImtyLWFybTIuMDE4OTk5Lnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICJlOThmYzFhMC05YzUyLTQwOTEtOTFhNS1jMTU5YjBhYTI3NGUiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2U5OGZjMWEwLTljNTItNDA5MS05MWE1LWMxNTliMGFhMjc0ZSIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTM3LjE3NS4yMS4xODAiLCAiYWlkIjogNjQsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDEsICJwcyI6ICJicmlkZ2V6YW4gY29uZmlnIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiYnJpZGdlemFuIGNvbmZpZyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTgyLjE2MC4xNC4xNDUiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIxMzA4MCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgImlkIjogIjM5NjBmMTI4LTExNjMtNDBhMy04ZGQ3LTdjOTExNzZlMTRhNSIsICJzbmkiOiAidHcuYXBwbGVpZC5iZiIsICJob3N0IjogInR3LmFwcGxlaWQuYmYiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvd3M/ZWQ9MjA0OCJ9